if you have problems in your command, Uh, you before you go external to
the command and talk about you getting advice from specialist, the
first thing you do is elevated elevate the problem specifically to
the commanding officer because he's ultimately the arbiter. Something
such things. Now you as you're elevating this problem, you can explain
him that you have a good idea on who to reach out to. But sometimes
simply reaching out is not the right thing to do because there
are other implications there. So So it's There are times to reach out,
especially if you have. If you eso won. A good example is you have
an aircraft crash. You know you're going to have to reach out a specialist
on that. If you're part of the investigation team, that is
a fact that's natural. Uh, but if it's something you're not sure about,
there should be a healthy discussion in the squatter before reaching
out to the specialist to determine what to do. Now, if you're talking
more along the lines of something happens within the squatter
and you think you can handle it with the skill professionals in your
unlisted ranks, that's a little bit different. I don't think you should
ever be afraid to reach out to The folks that are working on your
aircraft are working on your machines, on the ships or anything
like that to get their opinion on how they would particularly handle
something like that. When you talk when you're talking about, ah, skill
set, no matter what, you need, the advice of people like that to
help you make the distant those types of decisions.